Block Setttings Menu Controls: Add unstableDisplayLocation prop. (#43987)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/block-editor/src/components/block-settings-menu-controls/README.md

	);
}
```

## Props

### `context`

-   **Type:** `String`
-   **Default:** `undefined`

> A string representing the context where the component is being included. This can be used to conditionalise certain beheaviours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string representing the context where the component is being included. This can be used to conditionalize certain behaviors.
```
We should probably use US spelling here.
